_`e)a
__gmon_start__
_fini
_ITM_deregisterTMCloneTable
_ITM_registerTMCloneTable
__cxa_finalize
_Jv_RegisterClasses
libgstreamer-0.10.so.0
libgobject-2.0.so.0
libgmodule-2.0.so.0
libgthread-2.0.so.0
libglib-2.0.so.0
libxml2.so.2
libgstinterfaces-0.10.so.0
libfarstream-0.1.so.0
libgstbase-0.10.so.0
g_object_set
gst_x_overlay_get_type
gst_implements_interface_cast
gst_x_overlay_set_xwindow_id
gst_message_get_structure
gst_structure_has_name
Tcl_Alloc
Tcl_ThreadQueueEvent
Tcl_ThreadAlert
gst_element_get_type
g_type_check_instance_cast
gst_bin_get_type
gst_bin_iterate_all_by_interface
gst_iterator_resync
gst_iterator_foreach
gst_iterator_free
__stack_chk_fail
gst_element_get_factory
gst_plugin_feature_get_type
gst_plugin_feature_get_name
strstr
strlen
gst_element_factory_get_type
gst_registry_get_default
gst_registry_get_feature_list
g_list_sort
gst_element_factory_get_klass
g_list_append
gst_object_ref
gst_plugin_feature_list_free
Tcl_NewStringObj
Tcl_NewListObj
g_strdup_vprintf
Tcl_ListObjAppendElement
Tcl_EvalObjv
g_free
TclFreeObj
Tcl_GetStringResult
g_log
g_object_get
g_list_first
Tcl_NewIntObj
fs_codec_list_destroy
Tcl_DuplicateObj
Tcl_NewDoubleObj
g_strdup_printf
gst_parse_launch
gst_bin_find_unlinked_pad
gst_ghost_pad_new
gst_element_add_pad
gst_object_unref
gst_element_factory_make
g_signal_connect_data
g_object_class_find_property
gst_bin_add
gst_element_get_static_pad
gst_pad_link
gst_element_link
gst_element_set_state
gst_bin_remove
gst_element_unlink
g_object_unref
getaddrinfo
inet_ntop
freeaddrinfo
Tcl_GetStringFromObj
g_strdup
Tcl_GetIntFromObj
fs_codec_new
Tcl_ListObjGetElements
Tcl_AppendResult
Tcl_GetString
fs_codec_destroy
Tcl_GetDoubleFromObj
fs_candidate_new
fs_candidate_destroy
fs_candidate_list_destroy
Farsight_Start
fs_stream_set_remote_candidates
Tcl_WrongNumArgs
fs_stream_set_remote_codecs
Farsight_Config
Tcl_GetIndexFromObj
Tcl_GetLongFromObj
Tcl_SetObjResult
Farsight_GetVolumeIn
Farsight_GetVolumeOut
Farsight_Probe
gst_element_factory_create
gst_element_factory_get_longname
gst_element_factory_get_description
gst_property_probe_get_type
g_type_check_instance_is_a
gst_property_probe_probe_and_get_values_name
g_type_check_value_holds
g_value_array_get_nth
g_value_get_string
g_value_array_free
g_list_free
gst_plugin_feature_get_rank
strcmp
gst_mini_object_unref
gst_message_parse_error
g_error_free
gst_structure_get_value
g_value_get_enum
g_value_get_object
g_value_get_boxed
gst_value_list_get_size
gst_value_list_get_value
g_value_get_double
gst_object_get_type
gst_bin_new
gst_element_set_locked_state
gst_element_get_state
gst_caps_new_simple
gst_bin_iterate_sources
gst_iterator_next
gst_bin_iterate_sinks
Farsight_TestAudio
Tcl_GetCurrentThread
gst_pipeline_new
gst_element_get_bus
gst_bus_set_sync_handler
gst_child_proxy_set
Farsight_TestVideo
Farsight_Stop
Tcl_GetBooleanFromObj
Farsight_SetMuteIn
Farsight_SetMuteOut
Farsight_Prepare
g_value_array_append
gst_structure_free
gst_structure_get_type
g_value_init
gst_structure_new
gst_value_set_structure
fs_element_added_notifier_new
fs_element_added_notifier_add
fs_conference_get_type
fs_conference_new_participant
__snprintf_chk
g_value_array_new
fs_conference_new_session
fs_session_set_codec_preferences
g_value_set_uint
g_value_set_boolean
g_value_set_string
g_value_array_get_type
g_value_set_boxed
fs_session_new_stream
fs_stream_set_transmitter
Farsight_InUse
Tcl_NewBooleanObj
Farsight_GetMuteIn
Farsight_GetMuteOut
Farsight_DumpPipeline
_gst_debug_bin_to_dot_file
Farsight_SetVolumeIn
Farsight_SetVolumeOut
Farsight_Init
Tcl_PkgInitStubsCheck
gst_init
Tcl_CreateObjCommand
Farsight_SafeInit
Tcl_farsight_Init
Tcl_farsight_SafeInit
Farsight_Unload
Farsight_SafeUnload
Tcl_farsight_SafeUnload
Tcl_farsight_Unload
libpng16.so.16
libz.so.1
libm.so.6
libjpeg.so.62
libpthread.so.0
libc.so.6
_edata
__bss_start
_end
GLIBC_2.2.5
GLIBC_2.3.4
GLIBC_2.4
ATUSH
D$(1
\$ H
D$(dH3
0[]A\A]A^
fffff.
fffff.
t-H9
[]A\
AWAVAUA
[]A\A]A^A_
fffff.
AWAVAUATUSH
t$HH
T$PH
L$XL
D$`L
L$ht=
)D$p
D$81
t$ L
D$$0
D$(H
D$@H
D$8dH3
[]A\A]A^A_
AVAUI
D$(1
\$ L
D$(dH3
8[]A\A]A^A_
AUATUSH
D$(1
D$(dH3
8[]A\A]A^A_
[]A\
ATUSH
[]A\
ATUSH
[]A\
[]A\A]
[]A\A]
[]A\A]
AUATUSH
[]A\A]A^A_
[]A\A]A^A_
[]A\A]A^A_
fffff.
AWAVAUATUSH
D$(1
|$ H
D$ 1
D$ H
D$ H
H;l$
L$(dH3
8[]A\A]A^A_
AWAVAUATUSH
D$x1
D$PH
D$hH
D$HH
D$`H
D$@H
D$dH
D$8H
D$pH
T$XH
YD$p
D$hH
D$hH
D$hH
L$4H
D$4M
|$ 1
L;d$PI
L$HH
T$@H
D$hH
D$hH
D$hH
D$hH
T$8H
D$df
D$hH
D$hH
D$hH
D$hH
T$8H
D$hH
D$hH
T$8H
D$df
L$xdH3
[]A\A]A^A_
ffffff.
AWAVAUI
D$H1
t$(L
t$(H
|$@L
t$@H
L$0H
t$0H
\$HdH3
X[]A\A]A^A_
t$(H
L$ A
t$8H
t$ H
t$@H
L$8H
AWAVAUATU
([]A\A]A^A_
AUATUH
t$(1
[]A\A]A^A_
D$0H
[]A\A]A^A_
D$@H
D$8H
D$HH
[]A\
[]A\
fffff.
ffff.
AWAVAUATUSH
[]A\A]A^A_
T$HH
t$HE
T$HH
t$@H
D$@H
L$HH
D$XH
D$hH
D$8H
t$ H
|$(1
t$@I
D$8A
T$4M
T$,M
L$ H
\$0E
T$(H
t$(1
l$ D
D$8H;
T$HH
XD$8A9
D$8u
fffff.
AVAUATUSH
[]A\A]A^A_
ATUSH
D$X1
D$ H
D$(H
D$0H
D$8H
D$@H
D$HH
L$XdH3
h[]A\A]
AUATUSH
D$X1
D$ H
D$(H
D$0H
D$8H
D$@H
D$HH
5E| 
%(x 
L$XdH3
`[]A\A]A^
=Iw 
d$ H
ATUH
[]A\
ATUH
[]A\
AVAUATUSH
([]A\A]A^A_
[]A\A]A^A_
[]A\A]A^A_
=)p 
-go 
=ko 
=-o 
=}n 
=fm 
=:m 
=6l 
=bj 
=rh 
=*h 
-Hg 
=dg 
-se 
=Me 
=.e 
ffffff.
AUATUSH
[]A\A]A^
=;d 
[]A\A]
[]A\A]
=1c 
=>b 
=Bb 
=ma 
=_a 
-6` 
fff.
=9_ 
=!_ 
AWAVAUATA
[]A\A]A^A_
|$pH
|$pH
D$xH
D$`H
l$HH
D$PH
D$X@
D$@@
D$8H
D$xH
D$(@
D$0H
|$pL
=3S 
D$xH
t$xH
D$pH
t$pL
-RP 
=^P 
=vO 
=`N 
5MN 
-'N 
=3N 
=bM 
5OL 
=kL 
=)L 
=!J 
=8J 
|$pH
=TI 
=gI 
=FI 
=`I 
d$xM
5tG 
=UG 
fffff.
fffff.
=pC 
=QC 
=?C 
=	B 
fffff.
async
farstream-error
farstream-new-local-candidate
farstream-codecs-changed
prepare-xwindow-id
ffenc_h263
rtp-payload-size
rtph263pay
modea-only
gstrtpbin
latency
Source
Sink
eval
codecs
(null)
bin.( %s ! queue )
autoaudiosink
element-added
autovideosink
ffmpegcolorspace
Could not create video_sink
audioconvert
audioresample
Could not create audio_sink
volume
message
An error occured : %s
ERROR
audio
video
Invalid codec
Invalid codec : 
host
srflx
prflx
relay
Invalid candidate
Invalid candidate : 
Invalid codec list
Invalid candidates list
option
Farstream isn't running
device-name
dshowaudiosrc
dshowvideosrc
audiosource
videosource
PREPARED_AUDIO
PREPARED_VIDEO
AUDIO CODECS ARE READY
VIDEO CODECS ARE READY
error-no
error-msg
debug-msg
Error on BUS (%d) %s .. %s
Farstream error
stream
AUDIO CANDIDATES ARE PREPARED
VIDEO CANDIDATES ARE PREPARED
codecs-ready
remote-candidate
AUDIO_ACTIVE
VIDEO_ACTIVE
Gstreamer error
Testing source %s
dtmfsrc
audiotestsrc
autoaudiosrc
autovideosrc
videotestsrc
ximagesrc
dx9screencapsrc
gdiscreencapsrc
buffer-time
is-live
source_bin
Could not create source bin
Could not link source to tee
Could not link tee to queue
fakesink
hack_valve
Could not link queue to valve
directsoundsrc
osxaudiosrc
gconfaudiosrc
pulsesrc
alsasrc
oss4src
osssrc
Using audio_source %s
ksvideosrc
gconfvideosrc
gconfv4l2src
v4lsrc
Using video_source %s
video_bin
Could not create video bin
videoscale
height
width
video/x-raw-yuv
caps
Already started
Already testing
rate
audio/x-raw-int
couldn't create capsfilter
Could not link src to sink
hack_valve::drop
Could not create video sink
mute
AV19
 or 
Invalid relay info
Invalid relay info element
relay-info
relay-type
password
username
component
Unable to create relay info
Invalid stream id
fsrtpconference
sdes-cname
x-msrta
SIREN
G7221
AAL2-G726-32
G723
PCMA
PCMU
telephone-event
no-rtcp-timeout
sink-pad
Couldn't get sink pad
Couldn't create audio source
compatibility-mode
controlling-mode
stun ip : %s : %d
stun-ip
stun-port
FS: relay info = %p - %d
nice
src-pad-added
x-rtvc1
H263
Couldn't create video_source
Error: %s
filename
::Farsight::Prepare
::Farsight::Start
::Farsight::Stop
::Farsight::InUse
::Farsight::Probe
::Farsight::SetVolumeIn
::Farsight::GetVolumeIn
::Farsight::SetVolumeOut
::Farsight::GetVolumeOut
::Farsight::SetMuteIn
::Farsight::GetMuteIn
::Farsight::SetMuteOut
::Farsight::GetMuteOut
::Farsight::Config
::Farsight::TestAudio
::Farsight::TestVideo
::Farsight::DumpPipeline
-level
-debug
-audio-source
-audio-source-device
-audio-source-pipeline
-audio-sink
-audio-sink-device
-audio-sink-pipeline
-video-source
-video-source-device
-video-preview-xid
-video-source-pipeline
-video-sink
-video-sink-xid
-video-sink-pipeline
farstream-local-candidates-prepared
farstream-new-active-candidate-pair
Error executing debug handler : %s --- %s
Error executing %s handler : %s
Error executing level handler (%s, %f) : %s
Error while creating audio_sink pipeline (%d): %s
Error while creating video_sink pipeline (%d): %s
Could not add video_sink to pipeline
Could not add colorspace to pipeline
Could not link colorspace to fsrtpconference sink pad
Could not link converter to resampler
Unable to set converter to PLAYING
Unable to set audio_sink to PLAYING
Could not add audio_sink to pipeline
Could not add converter to pipeline
Could not add resampler to pipeline
Could not add second converter to pipeline
Could not add output volume to pipeline
Could not link volume out to converter
Could not link volume/sink to fsrtpconference sink pad
Could not link resampler to second converter
Could not add output level to pipeline
Could not link level out to converter
Could not link audio_sink to level out
Could not link audio_sink to converter
Unable to set volume OUT to PLAYING
Unable to set resampler to PLAYING
Unable to set second converter to PLAYING
New remote %s codec : %d %s %d
New Remote candidate: %s %d %s %d %s %d %s %d %s %s %s
 remote_audio_codecs remote_audio_candidates ?remote_video_codecs remote_video_candidates?
Where remote_codecs is a list with each element being a list containing : {encoding_name payload_type clock_rate}
And where remote_candidates is a list with each element being a list containing : {foundation component_id ip port base_ip base_port protocol priority type username password}
Farstream needs to be prepared first
Could not set the audio remote candidates
Could not set the video remote candidates
Could not set the audio remote codecs
Could not set the video remote codecs
no argument given for -level option
no argument given for -debug option
no argument given for -audio-source option
no argument given for -audio-source-device option
no argument given for -audio-source-pipeline option
no argument given for -audio-sink option
no argument given for -audio-sink-device option
no argument given for -audio-sink-pipeline option
no argument given for -video-source option
no argument given for -video-source-device option
no argument given for -video-preview-xid option
no argument given for -video-source-pipeline option
no argument given for -video-sink option
no argument given for -video-sink-xid option
no argument given for -video-sink-pipeline option
bad option to ::Farsight::Config
No devices found for element %s
Unable to cast element %s to GST_PROPERTY_PROBE
Element %s doesn't implement GST_PROPERTY_PROBE
New active candidate pair (%s) : 
Local candidate: %s %d %s %d %s %d %s %d %s %s %s
Remote candidate: %s %d %s %d %s %d %s %d %s %s %s
Got an error on the BUS (%d): %s (%s)
Could not add source to source bin
Could not add queue to source bin
Could not create fakesink in source bin
Could not add fakesink to source bin
Could not link fakesink to source
Could not add second queue to source bin
Could not link tee to second queue
Could not add valve to source bin
Waiting for %s to go to state PLAYING
Could not add tee to source bin
Creating audio_source : %s  --- %s -- %s
Error while creating audio_source pipeline (%d): %s
Waiting for audio_source_pipeline to go to state READY
Waiting for %s to go to state READY
Creating video_source : %s  --- %s -- %s
Error while creating video_source pipeline (%d): %s
Waiting for video_source_pipeline to go to state READY
Could not add video source to video bin
Could not add colorspace to video bin
Could not link video source to colorspace
Could not add videoscale to video bin
Could not link colorspace to videoscale
Could not add capsfilter to video bin
Could not link videoscale to capsfilter
Could not link capsfilter to tee
Could not add preview queue to video bin
Could not link tee to preview queue
Could not link preview queue to colorspace
Could not create preview window
Could not add preview to video bin
Could not link preview to video source
Could not add video queue to video bin
Could not link tee to video queue
Could not add tee to video bin
Couldn't create gstreamer pipeline
Unable to set pipeline to PLAYING
Couldn't create audio source, using audiotestsrc
Couldn't add audio_source to pipeline
Could not add input volume to pipeline
Could not link audio_source to volume
Couldn't create volume In elemnt
Could not add input level to pipeline
Couldn't link the volume/src to level
Couldn't create level In elemnt
Could not add src converter to pipeline
Could not add src resampler to pipeline
Could not add second src converter to pipeline
Couldn't link the src to converter
Could not add capsfilter to pipeline
Couldn't link the volume/level/src to capsfilter
Could not add sink to pipeline
Couldn't create volume OUT elemnt
Could not create level out element
Couldn't create video source, using videotestsrc
Couldn't add video_source to test pipeline
Could not add colorspace to test pipeline
Could not link source to colorspace
Could not add video sink to pipeline
Could not link colorspace to sink
 callback controlling mode ?relay_info? ?stun_ip stun_port?
Where mode can be either : A6, AV6, A19 or AV19
Where relay_info is a list with each element being a list containing : {turn_hostname turn_port turn_username turn_password stream component type}
Invalid call mode, must be either : 
Already prepared/in preparation
Invalid relay info element : 
TURN server invalid : Could not resolve hostname
TURN port invalid : Expected integer
TURN stream invalid : Expected integer
TURN component invalid : Expected integer
Stun server invalid : Could not resolve hostname
Stun port invalid : Expected integer
Couldn't create fsrtpconference
Couldn't add fsrtpconference to the pipeline
Error while creating new participant (%d): %s
Couldn't create new participant
Error while creating new audio_session (%d): %s
Couldn't create new audio_session
Couldn't link the volume/level/src to fsrtpconference
Could not set transmitter "nice" (%d): %s.
Error while creating new audio_stream (%d): %s
Couldn't create new audio_stream
Error while creating new video_session (%d): %s
Couldn't create new video_session
Couldn't add video source to pipeline
Could not add src colorspace to pipeline
Could not link src to colorspace
Couldn't link the colorspace to fsrtpconference
Error while creating new video_stream (%d): %s
Couldn't create new video_stream
;*3$"
tcl_farsight.so.debug
7zXZ
&+`F
{	Pt
b%ao
5^.>7
	2Gq
|1s}
a_e	*!
M6B#
Bc;n
|$)&
f[4Y
.shstrtab
.note.gnu.build-id
.gnu.hash
.dynsym
.dynstr
.gnu.version
.gnu.version_r
.rela.dyn
.rela.plt
.init
.text
.fini
.rodata
.eh_frame_hdr
.eh_frame
.init_array
.fini_array
.jcr
.data.rel.ro
.dynamic
.got
.got.plt
.data
.bss
.gnu_debuglink
.gnu_debugdata
