__gmon_start__
_init
_fini
_ITM_deregisterTMCloneTable
_ITM_registerTMCloneTable
__cxa_finalize
_Jv_RegisterClasses
plugin_register
__stack_chk_fail
plugin_reg_handoff
version
dissector_add_uint
new_create_dissector_handle
dissector_add_handle
dissector_delete_uint
tvb_format_text
proto_tree_add_text
tvb_get_guint8
proto_tree_add_item
tvb_get_ipv4
tvb_get_ntohs
rtp_add_address
rtcp_add_address
proto_item_add_subtree
wmem_packet_scope
tvb_get_string_enc
tvb_captured_length_remaining
col_set_str
col_clear
wmem_alloc
tvb_get_ntohl
col_add_fstr
proto_item_set_len
tap_queue_packet
expert_add_info
tvb_captured_length
g_malloc
memcpy
proto_tree_add_boolean
tvb_strsize
proto_register_protocol
proto_register_subtree_array
proto_register_field_array
expert_register_protocol
expert_register_field_array
register_tap
prefs_register_protocol
prefs_register_uint_preference
libpthread.so.0
libc.so.6
_edata
__bss_start
_end
unistim.so
GLIBC_2.2.5
GLIBC_2.14
GLIBC_2.4
5B(!
%D(!
%B(!
%:(!
%2(!
%*(!
%"(!
%z'!
%r'!
%j'!
%b'!
%Z'!
%R'!
%J'!
%B'!
%:'!
%2'!
%*'!
%"'!
fffff.
fffff.
fffff.
fffff.
AUATI
[]A\A]1
AWAVAUATA
5z$!
5m'!
5G'!
5$'!
([]A\A]A^A_
52&!
5~"!
5`$!
5=$!
5}#!
5<#!
5z!!
5Y!!
58!!
5d !
5s !
5L !
5) !
AWAVE
AUATI
D$81
L$8dH3
H[]A\A]A^A_
AWAVA
AUATI
([]A\A]A^A_
5d	!
5A	!
5!	!
AWAVAUATI
D$81
L$8dH3
H[]A\A]A^A_
-+[!
-)O!
<$E1
M	E1
AVAWD
T$<D
D$'L
D$.PD
L$51
AXAY
=k6!
0.0.2
udp.port
DATA: %s
UNISTIM
Address Data
Reliable UDP
NAK for seq -   0x%X
ACK for seq -   0x%X
Payload seq -   0x%X
UFTP CMD
Unistim CMD
Date %i/%i/%i
Time %i:%i:%i
Module Key Number: %i
Server (S%d) Server ID: %X
unistim
UNISTIM Protocol
UNISTIM port (default 5000)
UNISTIM UDP port
unistim.len.bad
Length too short
Expert Info
RUDP Seq Num
unistim.num
UNISTIM CMD Address
unistim.add
uftp.cmd
UFTP Datablock Size
uftp.blocksize
UFTP Datablock Limit
uftp.limit
UFTP Filename
uftp.filename
UFTP Data Block
uftp.datablock
RUDP Pkt type
unistim.type
UNISTIM Payload
unistim.pay
UNISTIM CMD Length
unistim.len
FLAGS
unistim.bit.fields
Basic Cmd (switch)
unistim.basic.switch
Basic Cmd (phone)
unistim.basic.phone
Broadcast Cmd (switch)
unistim.broadcast.switch
Audio Cmd (switch)
unistim.audio.switch
Audio Cmd (phone)
unistim.audio.phone
Display Cmd (switch)
unistim.display.switch
Display Cmd (phone)
unistim.display.phone
Key Cmd (switch)
unistim.key.switch
Key Cmd (phone)
unistim.key.phone
Network Cmd (switch)
unistim.network.switch
Network Cmd (phone)
unistim.network.phone
unistim.terminal.id
Year
unistim.broadcast.year
Month
unistim.broadcast.month
unistim.broadcast.day
Hour
unistim.broadcast.hour
Minute
unistim.broadcast.minute
Second
unistim.broadcast.second
unistim.query.diagnostic
unistim.query.managers
unistim.query.attributes
unistim.query.serverInfo
Query Network Manager Options
unistim.query.options
Query Network Manager Sanity
unistim.query.sanity
Network Manager Enable DIAG
unistim.enable.diag
Network Manager Enable RUDP
Download Server ID
unistim.download.id
Download Server Port
unistim.download.port
Download Server Action
unistim.download.action
Download Retry Count
unistim.download.retry
Download Failover Server ID
unistim.download.failover
Download Server Address
unistim.download.address
Watchdog Timeout
unistim.watchdog.timeout
Configure Network Element
unistim.config.element
unistim.recovery.low
unistim.recovery.high
Receive Buffer Overflow
unistim.receive.overflow
Transmit Buffer Overflow
unistim.trans.overflow
unistim.receive.empty
Received Invalid MSG
unistim.invalid.msg
EEProm Insane
unistim.eeprom.insane
EEProm Unsafe
unistim.eeprom.unsafe
Diagnostic Command Enabled
unistim.diag.enabled
Reliable UDP Active
unistim.rudp.active
Query Basic Manager
unistim.basic.query
INITIAL PHONE QUERY
unistim.basic.attrs
Basic Query Attributes
Query Basic Manager Options
unistim.basic.opts
Basic Query Options
Query Basic Switch Firmware
unistim.basic.fw
Basic Query Firmware
unistim.basic.hwid
Basic Query Hardware ID
unistim.basic.type
Basic Query Phone Type
unistim.basic.code
unistim.basic.gray
Basic Query Gray Market Info
unistim.basic.secure
Basic Element ID
unistim.basic.element.id
EEProm Data
unistim.basic.eeprom.data
unistim.static.cksum
unistim.dynam.cksum
unistim.netconfig.cksum
Basic Phone Hardware ID
unistim.basic.hw.id
Basic Phone Firmware Version
unistim.basic.fw.ver
Key Name
unistim.key.name
Key Action
unistim.key.action
unistim.icon.id
unistim.icon.state
Icon Cadence
unistim.icon.cadence
unistim.audio.attr
Query Audio Manager Options
unistim.audio.options
Query Audio Manager Alerting
unistim.audio.alerting
unistim.audio.adj.volume
unistim.audio.def.volume
Query Audio Manager Handset
unistim.audio.handset
Query Audio Manager Headset
unistim.audio.headset
unistim.audio.volume.id
unistim.audio.max.tone
Audio Manager Adjust Volume
unistim.audio.opts.adj.vol
unistim.audio.aa.vol.rpt
Audio Manager Noise Squelch
unistim.audio.squelch
Audio Manager Mute
unistim.audio.mute
Audio Manager RX or TX
unistim.audio.rx.tx
Audio Manager Stream ID
unistim.audio.stream.id
unistim.audio.transducer.on
unistim.audio.attenuated.on
unistim.warbler.select
Transducer Routing
unistim.transducer.routing
Tone Volume Range in Steps
unistim.tone.volume.range
unistim.cadence.select
Special Tone Select
unistim.special.tone.select
Tone Level
unistim.audio.tone.level
Enable Visual Tones
unistim.visual.tones
Stream Based Tone ID
unistim.stream.tone.id
Stream Based Tone RX or TX
Stream Based Tone Mute
unistim.stream.tone.mute
Stream Based Volume ID
unistim.stream.volume.id
unistim.switch.terminal.id
IT (Phone) Type
unistim.it.type
unistim.basic.eng.code
Phone Primary Server ID
unistim.net.phone.primary.id
unistim.server.port
unistim.server.action.byte
Number of times to Retry
unistim.server.retry.count
unistim.server.failover.id
IP address
unistim.server.ip.address
APB Number
unistim.audio.apb.number
APB Operation Code
unistim.audio.apb.op.code
unistim.apb.param.len
APB Operation Data
unistim.apb.operation.data
Is Address Numeric
unistim.write.address.numeric
Context Field in the Info Bar
unistim.write.address.context
Write A Line
unistim.write.address.line
Write a SoftKey
unistim.write.address.softkey
Write A Softkey Label
Soft Key ID
Cursor Move
unistim.display.cursor.move
Clear Left
unistim.display.clear.left
Clear Right
unistim.display.clear.right
Shift Left
unistim.display.shift.left
Shift Right
unistim.display.shift.right
Highlight
unistim.display.highlight
Tag for text
unistim.display.text.tag
Cursor Movement Command
unistim.cursor.move.cmd
Should Cursor Blink
unistim.cursor.blink
unistim.vocoder.id
Vocoder Config Param
unistim.vocoder.config.param
Vocoder Entity
unistim.vocoder.entity
Enable Annex A
unistim.enable.annexa
Enable Annex B
unistim.enable.annexb
Sample Rate
unistim.audio.sample.rate
RTP Type
unistim.audio.rtp.type
Bytes Per Frame
unistim.audio.bytes.per.frame
Receive Stream Id
unistim.rx.stream.id
Transmit Stream Id
Receive Vocoder Protocol
Transmit Vocoder Protocol
Frames Per Packet
Type of Service
unistim.audio.type.service
Precedence
unistim.audio.precedence
FRF.11 Enable
unistim.audio.frf.11
Phone RTP Port
unistim.local.rtp.port
Phone RTCP Port
unistim.local.rtcp.port
Distant RTP Port
unistim.far.rtp.port
Distant RTCP Port
unistim.far.rtcp.port
Distant IP Address for RT[C]P
unistim.far.ip.address
unistim.rtcp.bucket.id
unistim.key.icon.id
unistim.display.clear.numeric
Context Field in InfoBar
unistim.display.clear.context
Date Field
unistim.display.clear.date
Time Field
unistim.display.clear.time
Line Data
unistim.display.clear.line
Soft Key
unistim.display.clear.softkey
Soft Key Label
Line 1
unistim.display.clear.line1
Line 2
unistim.display.clear.line2
Line 3
unistim.display.clear.line3
Line 4
unistim.display.clear.line4
Line 5
unistim.display.clear.line5
Line 6
unistim.display.clear.line6
Line 7
unistim.display.clear.line7
Line 8
unistim.display.clear.line8
Status Bar Icon 1
Status Bar Icon 2
Status Bar Icon 3
Status Bar Icon 4
Status Bar Icon 5
Status Bar Icon 6
Status Bar Icon 7
Status Bar Icon 8
Soft Key 1
Soft Key 2
Soft Key 3
Soft Key 4
Soft Key 5
Soft Key 6
Soft Key 7
Soft Key 8
Soft Key Label ID
Clear All Soft Key Labels
unistim.display.clear.all.sks
LED Cadence
unistim.key.led.cadence
LED ID
unistim.key.led.id
Phone Ethernet Address
unistim.phone.ether
unistim.audio.rtcp.bucket.id
Clear Bucket Counter
unistim.clear.bucket
Arrow Display Direction
unistim.arrow.direction
Audio Transducer Pair
unistim.transducer.pairs
RX Enable
unistim.receive.enable
TX Enable
unistim.transmit.enable
Disable Sidetone
Destructive/Additive
unistim.destructive.active
Don't Force Active
unistim.dont.force.active
Phone Line Width
unistim.line.width
Number Of Lines
unistim.number.lines
Phone Softkey Width
unistim.softkey.width
Phone Softkeys
unistim.phone.softkeys
Phone Icon Type
unistim.phone.icon.type
Soft-Label Key width
unistim.softlabel.key.width
Phone Context Width
unistim.context.width
Phone Numeric Width
unistim.numeric.width
Phone Time Width
unistim.time.width
Phone Date Width
unistim.date.width
Number of Downloadable Chars
unistim.number.dload.chars
unistim.number.dload.icons
Icon Types
unistim.icon.types
Character Sets
unistim.phone.charsets
Phone Contrast Level
unistim.phone.contrast.level
Numeric Index Field
unistim.field.numeric
Context Field
unistim.field.context
Text Line
unistim.field.text.line
Softkey Position
unistim.position.skey
Soft Key Id
unistim.cursor.skey.id
Character Position
unistim.phone.char.pos
Display Line Number
unistim.display.line.number
unistim.hilite.start.pos
unistim.hilite.end.pos
unistim.display.date.format
unistim.display.time.format
Use Time Format
Use Date Format
Context Info Bar Format
Context Info Bar Field
unistim.display.context.field
Display Character Address
unistim.display.char.address
Softkey Layer Number
unistim.softkey.layer.num
Softkey ID
unistim.layer.softkey.id
All Softkeys
unistim.layer.all.skeys
Layer Softkey Once/Cyclic
unistim.layer.once.cyclic
Display Duration (20ms steps)
Number of Programmable Keys
unistim.num.prog.keys
Number of Soft Keys
unistim.num.soft.keys
Headset Key Exists
unistim.exist.hd.key
Mute Key Exists
unistim.exist.mute.key
Quit Key Exists
unistim.exist.quit.key
Copy Key Exists
unistim.exist.copy.key
unistim.exist.mwi.key
Number of Navigation Keys
unistim.num.nav.keys
Number Of Conspicuous Keys
unistim.num.conspic.keys
Send Key Release
unistim.key.send.release
Enable Volume Control
unistim.key.enable.vol
unistim.conspic.prog.keys
ACD Supervisor Control
unistim.acd.super.control
Local Keypad Feedback
unistim.key.feedback
Source Description Item
unistim.source.desc.item
RTCP Bucket Id
unistim.sdes.rtcp.bucket
Desired Jitter
unistim.audio.desired.jitter
unistim.high.water.mark
unistim.early.packet.thresh
unistim.late.packet.thresh
Resolve Phone Port
unistim.resolve.phone.port
Resolve Far End Port
unistim.resolve.far.port
Resolve Far End IP
unistim.resolve.far.ip
NAT Port
unistim.audio.nat.port
NAT IP Address
unistim.audio.nat.ip
Stream Direction Code
unistim.audio.direction.codes
Handsfree supported
unistim.handsfree.support
Max Volume
unistim.max.vol
Volume Adjustments
unistim.audio.volume.adj
Auto Adjust RX Volume
unistim.auto.adj.rx.vol
HS On Air
unistim.audio.hs.on.air
HD On Air
unistim.audio.hd.on.air
Automatic Squelch
unistim.auto.noise.squelch
unistim.apb.volume.rpt
Volume Up
unistim.audio.volume.up
RX Volume at Floor
unistim.audio.rx.vol.floor
RX Volume at Ceiling
unistim.audio.rx.vol.ceiling
Current APB Volume Report
unistim.current.volume.rpt
Current RX Volume Level
unistim.current.rx.vol.level
Current RX Volume Range
unistim.current.rx.vol.range
Alerting Cadence Select
unistim.alert.cad.sel
Alerting Warbler Select
unistim.alert.warb.select
Open Stream Report
unistim.open.audio.stream.rpt
Report Source Description
unistim.rpt.src.desc
Report RTCP Bucket ID
unistim.rpt.rtcp.buk.id
Phone Listen Port
unistim.phone.listen.port
Phone Listen Address
unistim.phone.listen.address
Phone Address Length
unistim.phone.address.len
NAT Listen Port
unistim.nat.listen.port
NAT Listen Address
unistim.nat.listen.address
NAT Address Length
unistim.nat.address.len
Audio Stream Direction
Audio Stream State
unistim.audio.stream.state
Transducer List Length
unistim.trans.list.len
File Transfer Mode
unistim.net.file.xfer.mode
Force Download
unistim.net.force.download
Use Custom Server Port
unistim.net.use.server.port
Use Custom Local Port
unistim.net.use.local.port
File Server Port
unistim.net.file.server.port
Full Pathname
unistim.net.full_pathname
File Identifier
unistim.net.file_identifier
Local XFer Port
unistim.net.local.xfer.port
File Server IP Address
Admin Command
unistim.key.icon.admin.cmd
Logical Icon ID
unistim.keys.logical.icon.id
Key Repeat Timer 1 Value
unistim.keys.repeat.time.one
Key Repeat Timer 2 Value
unistim.keys.repeat.time.two
Led ID
unistim.keys.led.id
Phone Icon ID
unistim.keys.phone.icon.id
Indicator Cadence On Time
unistim.keys.cadence.on.time
Indicator Cadence Off Time
unistim.keys.cadence.off.time
User Activity Timeout Value
Call Timer Mode
Call Timer Reset
Call Timer Display
Call Timer Delay
Call Timer ID
unistim.display.call.timer.id
Expansion CMD (switch)
unistim.expansion.switch
Expansion CMD (phone)
unistim.expansion.phone
Module Soft Label Number
DATA
unistim.generic.data
Broadcast Manager Switch
Audio Manager Switch
Display Manager Switch
Key/Indicator Manager Switch
Basic Manager Switch
Network Manager Switch
Broadcast Manager Phone
Audio Manager Phone
Display Manager Phone
Key/Indicator Manager Phone
Basic Manager Phone
Network Manager Phone
Normal Sequence Number
RESET Sequence Number
NULL Protocol
Aggregate Unistim
UFTP
Free Form Protocol
For Following Byte
Expansion Key Pressed
Display Data Write
Connection Granted
Connection Denied
File Data Block
Connection Request
Connection Details
Flow Control Off
Cadence off, On continuously
Cadence on, Off continuously
Flash, [1Hz]/[1/2]
Flicker, [0.5Hz]/[13/16]
Wink, [2Hz]/[3/4]
Downloaded Cadence
I-Idle
U-Idle
I-Ring
U-Ring
I-Active
U-Active
I-Hold
U-Hold
I-Group Listen
U-Group Listen
Feature Active
Feature Inactive
I-Hold Ringing
U-Hold Ringing
Active Audio
Hold Audio
Home
Business
Extension Number
Pager
Voice
Email
Wireless
Internet Address
Set-to-Set command
Secured
Trash Can
In Box
Out box
Video
Other/Misc
Accessory Sync Update
Logical Icon Update
Time and Date Download
Reserved
Flash
Flicker
Downloadable cadence
Message Waiting LED
Headset LED
Mute LED
no navigation keys
two navigation keys
four navigation keys
not available
Key Event
LED Status Report
On Hook
Off Hook
User Activity Timer Expired
Hookswitch State (on hook)
Hookswitch State (off hook)
Phone Icon Status Report
LED Update
Query Hookswitch
User Activity Timer Stop
User Activity Timer Start
Query Key/Indicator Manager
Key/Indicator Manager Options
Logical Icon Mapping
Key Repeat Timer Download
Query LED State
Query Phone Icon State
Indicator Cadence Download
User Activity Timer Download
Free Form Icon Download
Phone Icon Update
Global NIL mapping
One-to-one mapping
Single mapping
RESERVED
Query all LEDs
IT IP Address
IT Netmask
Default Gateway IP Address
First Server IP Address
First Server Port Number
Second Server IP Address
Second Server Port Number
First Server Action
First Server Retry Count
Boot Mode
Second Server Action
Second Server Retry Count
8-byte User PIN
First Server
Second Server
Third Server
Fourth Server
Fifth Server
Sixth Server
Seventh Server
Eighth Server
Ninth Server
Tenth Server
Soft Reset Ack
Sanity OK
Manager IDs
Resume Connection with Server
Server Information Report
Soft Reset
Hard Reset
Query Network Manager
QoS Configuration
Download Server Information
Server Switch
Download Software Upgrade
Set RTCP Report Interval
Set Primary Server
Reset Watchdog
Dial Pad 0
Dial Pad 1
Dial Pad 2
Dial Pad 3
Dial Pad 4
Dial Pad 5
Dial Pad 6
Dial Pad 7
Dial Pad 8
Dial Pad 9
Dial Pad *
Dial Pad #
Navigation Up
Navigation Down
Navigation Right
Navigation Left
Quit
Copy
Volume Down
Soft Key 0
Supervisor Access Key
Handsfree
Prog Key 0
Prog Key 1
Prog Key 2
Prog Key 3
Prog Key 4
Prog Key 5
Prog Key 6
Prog Key 7
Prog Key 8
Prog Key 9
Prog Key 10
Prog Key 11
Prog Key 12
Prog Key 13
Prog Key 14
Prog Key 15
Prog Key 16
Prog Key 17
Prog Key 18
Prog Key 19
Prog Key 20
Prog Key 21
Prog Key 22
Prog Key 23
Prog Key 24
Conspicuous Key 0
Conspicuous Key 1
Conspicuous Key 2
Conspicuous Key 3
Conspicuous Key 4
Key Released
Key Depressed
Key Repeated
Not Assigned
TFTP
Future Use
Action occurs immediately
Reset time to zero
Do not reset timer
Mode = start timer
Mode = stop timer
Fixed Form Icons
Free Form Icons
Day first, e.g. 16Sep
Month first, e.g. Sep16
 Numeric standard, e.g. 09/16
Numeric inverse, e.g. 16/09
12-hour clock, e.g. 10:34pm
French clock, e.g. 22h34
24-hour clock, e.g. 22:34
Numeric Index field
Context field
Date field
Time field
None
Underline
Overline
Border
Reverse-video
Reverse-video with border
Contrast Level Report
Cursor Location Report
Highlight Status On
Timer And Date Format Report
Status Bar Icon State Report
Highlight Status Off
Arrow
Query Status Bar Icon
Highlight Off
Highlight On
Restore Time and Date
Clear Time and Date
Call Duration Timer
Query Display Manager
Disable Display Field
Clear Field
Cursor Control
Status Bar Icon Update
Month Labels Download
Time and Date Format
Special Character Download
Highlighted Field Definition
Contrast
Caller Log Download
Layered Softkey Text Download
Layered Softkey Clear
Set Visible Softkey Layer
Layered Softkey Cadencing On
Layered Softkey Cadencing Off
Cursor ON
Cursor OFF
No Movement command
Basic Manager Attributes Info
Basic Manager Options Report
IT Type
Product Engineering Code
Grey Market Info
Encapsulate Command
Startup reason
EEprom Write
Assign Terminal ID
i2004
i2002 Basic Etherset
Juniper 7308
i2050 Softphone
Meridian M6350
Special Tones
Paging Tones
none
Audio Param Bank 1
Audio Param Bank 2
Audio Param Bank 3
Audio Param Bank 4
Audio Param Bank 5
Audio Param Bank 6
Audio Param Bank 7
Audio Param Bank 8
Audio Param Bank 9
Audio Param Bank a
Audio Param Bank b
Audio Param Bank c
Audio Param Bank d
Audio Param Bank e
Audio Param Bank f
cadence 4 (test cadence)
cadence 5 (test cadence)
 cadence 6 (test cadence)
Handset Speaker
Headset Speaker
Handsfree Speaker
250Hz
333Hz
500Hz
667Hz
1000Hz
Enable Rx Squelch Option
Disable Rx Squelch Option
Enable Rx Compressor Option
Disable Rx Compressor Option
Enable Tx Echo Squelch Option
Query Audio Parameters
Step Size setting
Maximum Volume setting
Minimum Volume setting
Rx CODEC Gain Value
Tx CODEC Gain Value
Rx DSP Gain Value
Tx DSP Gain Value
Sidetone Gain Value
Switched Loss Depth
Length of AEC
MCS_NOISE_THR
LineDelayLength
MaxReturnLossTG
SWL_AEC_OFF
NormDelta
TxLevelCompHD
TxRL_BOOT
NoiseWaitCounter
Whole APS
Change Default Volume setting
Change Current Volume setting
Sampling Rate setting
G.711, Mu-Law
G.723
G.711, A-Law
16-bit Linear
G.729
8-bit Linear
G.711, Mu-Law with PLP
G.711, A-Law with PLP
Disable Post Filter
Enable Post Filter
Disable High Pass Filter
Enable High Pass Filter
G.723 6.3kbps Working Rate 
G.723 5.3kbps Working Rate 
G.729 Annexes Selection 
Set RTP Payload Type 
8 kbit/sec
16 kbit/sec
44.1 kbit/sec
Routine
Priority
Immediate
Flash Override
Critical
Internetwork Control
Network Control
Minimize Delay
Maximize Throughput
Maximize Reliability
Minimize Monetary Cost
Normal Service
Handsfree Speaker/Microphone
All Transducer Pairs
Phone number of the Phone
Phone software version
Notice/Status information
Invalid
Rx Audio stream is queried
Tx Audio stream is queried
Audio Param Bank 10
Audio Param Bank 11
Audio Param Bank 12
Audio Param Bank 13
Audio Param Bank 14
Audio Param Bank 15
Stream opened successfully
Information Not Available
Phone number of the IT
Geographic location of the IT
IT software version
Stream in use.
Stream not in use.
Handset Connected
Handset Disconnected
Headset Disconnected
Supervisor Headset Connected
Audio Manager Attributes Info
Audio Manager Options Report
Adjustable Rx Volume Report
APB's Default Rx Volume Value
Alerting Tone Select
RTCP Statistics Report
Open Audio Stream Report
Port Mapping Discovery
Resolve Port Mapping
Audio Stream Status Report
Query APB Response
Query Audio Manager
Mute/Unmute
Transducer Based Tone On
Transducer Based Tone Off
Alerting Tone Configuration
Special Tone Configuration
Paging Tone Configuration
Paging Tone Cadence Download
Stream Based Tone On
Stream Based Tone Off
Select Adjustable Rx Volume
Set APB's Rx Volume Level
APB Download
Open Audio Stream
Close Audio Stream
Connect Transducer
Filter Block Download
Query RTCP Statistics
Configure Vocoder Parameters
Query Audio Stream Status
Query Network Manager Diagnostic
Query Network Manager Managers
Query Network Manager Attributes
Query Network Manager Server Info
unistim.enable.network.rel.udp
Recovery Procedure Idle Low Boundary
Recovery Procedure Idle High Boundary
Receive Buffer Unexpectedly Empty
Query Basic Manager Attributes
Query Basic Manager Hardware ID
Query Basic Manager Phone Type
Query Basic Manager Prod Eng Code
Basic Query Production Engineering Code
Query Basic Manager Gray Mkt Info
Basic Switch Options Secure Code
Basic Phone EEProm Static Checksum
Basic Phone EEProm Dynamic Checksum
Basic Phone EEProm Net Config Checksum
Query Audio Manager Attributes
Query Audio Manager Adjustable Receive Volume
Query Audio Manager Default Receive Volume
Audio Manager Default Receive Volume ID
Audio Manager Enable Max Tone Volume
Audio Manager Auto Adjust Volume RPT
Audio Manager Transducer Based Tone On
Audio Manager Transducer Tone Attenuated
unistim.stream.based.tone.rx.tx
Terminal ID assigned by Switch
Product Engineering Code for phone
APB Operation Parameter Length
unistim.write.address.softkey.label
unistim.write.addres.softkey.id
Character Position or Soft-Label Key ID
unistim.display.write.address.char.pos
unistim.write.address.line.number
unistim.vocoder.frames.per.packet
Numeric Index Field in InfoBar
unistim.display.statusbar.icon
unistim.display.clear.softkey.label
unistim.display.clear.sbar.icon1
unistim.display.clear.sbar.icon2
unistim.display.clear.sbar.icon3
unistim.display.clear.sbar.icon4
unistim.display.clear.sbar.icon5
unistim.display.clear.sbar.icon6
unistim.display.clear.sbar.icon7
unistim.display.clear.sbar.icon8
unistim.display.clear.soft.key1
unistim.display.clear.soft.key2
unistim.display.clear.soft.key3
unistim.display.clear.soft.key4
unistim.display.clear.soft.key5
unistim.display.clear.soft.key6
unistim.display.clear.soft.key7
unistim.display.clear.soft.key8
unistim.display.clear.sk.label.id
unistim.audio.sidetone.disable
Number of Freeform Icon Downloads
Display Highlight Start Position
Display Highlight End Position
unistim.display.use.time.format
unistim.display.use.date.format
unistim.display.context.format
unistim.layer.display.duration
Message Waiting Indicator Exists
Conspicuous and Programmable Keys Same
Threshold of audio frames where jitter buffer removes frames
Threshold in x/8000 sec where packets are too early
Threshold in x/8000 sec where packets are too late
unistim.audio.stream.direction
unistim.net.file.server.address
unistim.keys.user.timeout.value
unistim.display.call.timer.mode
unistim.display.call.timer.reset
unistim.display.call.timer.display
unistim.display.call.timer.delay
unistim.expansion.label.number
Expansion Module-1 Manager Switch
Expansion Module-2 Manager Switch
Expansion Module-3 Manager Switch
Expansion Module-4 Manager Switch
Expansion Module-5 Manager Switch
Expansion Module-6 Manager Switch
Expansion Module Manager Phone
Expansion Module-1 Manager Phone
Expansion Module-2 Manager Phone
Expansion Module-3 Manager Phone
Expansion Module-4 Manager Phone
Expansion Module-5 Manager Phone
Expansion Module-6 Manager Phone
Aggregate Unistim with Terminal ID
Next Display/Write command regards expansion module
Set Default Character Table Config
Handsfree or Supervisor Access* LED
No tone feedback provided when a dial pad key is depressed
Short 'click' provided when a dial pad key is depressed
Corresponding DTMF tone provided when a dial pad key is depressed
ACD supervisor path and indicator controlled by the Switch
ACD supervisor path and indicator controlled by the Phone
Forces the keycode associated with conspicuous key0 to be the same as progkey0
Conspicuous value key 0 and programmable key 0 have different keycodes
Volume key depression will be sent
Volume Key depression will not be sent
The Key code will be sent when a valid key release occurs
No command will be sent when a key is released
Key/Indicator Manager Attributes Info
Key/Indicator Manager Options Report
Downloadable Free Form Icon Access (Hardcoded)
Downloadable Free Form Icon Access (Downloadable)
Establish UNISTIM Connection with Server
Network Manager Attributes Info
Network Manager Diagnostic Info
Network Manager Options Report
Suspend Connection with Server
Network Configuration Element Report
Set RTCP Source Description Item
Query Network Configuration Element
Set Recovery Procedure Time Interval
Transport Reliability Layer Parameters Download
Establish Unistim connection with Server
TFTP with active UNIStim channel
UFTP with active UNIStim channel
Action occurs after Call Duration Timer Delay
Call Duration timer is shown on the display
Call Duration timer is not shown on the display
Marquee (combination of an overline and an underline)
After the full cadence sequence is executed, softkey field will be updated 
After the full cadence sequence is executed, it is restarted from the top
Display Manager Attributes Info
Current Character Table Configuration Status
Default Character Table Configuration Status
Restore Default Character Table Configuration
Download Call Duration Timer Delay
Display Scroll with Data (before)
Display Scroll with Data (after)
Call Duration Timer Label Download
Display Data Write address|no control|no tag|no
Display Data Write address|yes control|no tag|no
Display Data Write address|no control|yes tag|no
Display Data Write address|yes control|yes tag|no
Display Data Write address|no control|no tag|yes
Display Data Write address|yes control|no tag|yes
Display Data Write address|no control|yes tag|yes
Display Data Write address|yes control|yes tag|yes
Set Default Character Table Configuration
Layered Softkey Cadence Download
Set cursor at home (first character on the first text line)
Set cursor at the address specified in the following byte
Move the cursor by one to the left
Move the cursor by one to the right
Move the cursor to the left as specified by the Character Position field contained in the last byte
Move the cursor to the right as specified by the Character Position field contained in the last byte
Nortel Conference phone 2033 (polycom)
Automatic noise squelching enabled
Automatic noise squelching disabled
Single tone frequency sent to Headset (HD) port while call in progress
Single tone frequency NOT sent to Headset (HD) port while call in progress
Single tone frequency sent to Handset port while call in progress
Single tone frequency NOT sent to Handset (HS) port while call in progress
Adjustable Rx volume reports sent to the switch when volume keys are pressed
Adjustable Rx volume reports not sent to the switch when volume keys are pressed Rx Volume Report
Volume level adjustments are performed locally in the phone
Volume level adjustments are not performed locally in the phone
Maximum tone volume is set equal to the physical maximum
Maximum tone volume is one level lower than physical maximum
Next Byte specifies an RX Stream ID
Next Byte specifies an TX Stream ID
Following Stream will be Muted
Following Stream will be UnMuted
cadence 0 (2 secs on, 4 secs off, cyclic)
cadence 1 (0.5 secs on, 0.3 secs off, 1.2 secs on, 4 secs off, cyclic)
cadence 2 (0.7 secs on, 0.5 secs off, 0.7 secs on, 4 secs off, cyclic)
cadence 3 (0.5 secs on then off, one-shot)
downloadable alerter tone cadence
C1=0xFF00 C2=0x00 C3=0x00 c4=0x00 Steady on.  -13 dBmO per frequency.
C1=0x0505 C2=0x0505 C3=0x0505 c4=0xFF00 3 burst(0.1 sec on,0.1 sec off),Then steady on.-13 dBmO per frequency.
C1=0x1919 C2=0x00 C3=0x00 c4=0x00 0.5 sec on, 0.5 sec off, repeating.  -24 dBmO per frequency.
C1=0x64C8 C2=0x00 C3=0x00 c4=0x00 2 sec on, 4 sec off, repeating.  -19 dBmO per frequency.
C1=0xFF00 C2=0x00 C3=0x00 c4=0x00 0.1 sec on, 0.1 sec off, repeating.  +3 to -6 dBmO/frequency.
Dial Tone F1=0x0B33 - 350 Hz F2=0x0E14 - 440 Hz F3=0x00 - not present F4=0x00 - not present
Recall Dial Tone F1=0x0B33 - 350 Hz F2=0x0E14 - 440 Hz F3=0x00 - not present F4=0x00 - not present
Line Busy F1 = 0x0F5C - 480 Hz F2 = 0x13D7 - 620 Hz F3 = 0x00 - not present F4 = 0x00 - not present
Reorder F1 = 0x0F5C - 480 Hz F2 = 0x13D7 - 620 Hz F3 = 0x00 - not present F4 = 0x00 - not present
Audible Ringing F1=0x0E14 - 440 Hz F2=0x0F5C - 480 Hz F3=0x00 - not present F4=0x00 - not present
Receiver Off Hook (ROH) F1=0x2CCC-1400 Hz F2=0x4851-2260 Hz F3=0x4E66-2450 Hz F4=0x5333 - 2600 Hz
No Tone F1=0x00-0 Hz F2=0x00-0 Hz F3=0x00-0 Hz F4=0x00-0 Hz 0x00 C1=0x00 C2=0x00 C3=0x0 c4=0x0
Stream Based Tone will replace Stream Data
Stream Based tone will be summed with Stream Data
Stream ID specified in last byte is in the tx direction
Stream ID specified in last byte is in the rx direction
Enable Return To Default Option
Disable Return To Default Option
Enable Automatic Gain Control Option
Disable Automatic Gain Control Option
Select APB for Volume Control Option
Deselect APB for Volume Control Option
Enable Listener Sidetone Option
Disable Listener Sidetone Option
Enable Acoustic Echo Canceller (AEC) Option
Disable Acoustic Echo Canceller (AEC) Option
Enable Hearing Impaired (HIP) Option
Disable Hearing Impaired (HIP) Option
Disable Tx Echo Squelch Option
The filter(s) to be used when the HIP is enabled
The threshold that should be used when AGC is enabled
The threshold that should be used when Listener Sidetone (LST) is enabled
Turn Off Voice Activity Detection
Turn On Voice Activity Detection
Turn Off Bad Frame Interpolation Algorithm
Turn On Bad Frame Interpolation Algorithm
Set the sampling Rate of the vocoder 
Set number of bytes per frame 
Configuration Parameter in byte only affects the encoder
Configuration Parameter in byte only affects decoder
 Configuration Parameter in byte affects the whole vocoder
This will not affect the connections that were established prior
All transducers that were connected prior will be disconnected
The APB specified will NOT be the active one
The APB specified will be the active one
Canonical End-Point Identifier associated with the Phone
Name used to describe the Phone e.g. Homer Does Phone
E-mail address associated with the Phone
Geographic location of the Phone
Rx and Tx Audio streams are queried
Single tone frequency sent to HD port while call in progress
Single tone frequency NOT sent to HD port while call in progress
Single tone frequency sent to HS port while call in progress
Single tone frequency NOT sent to HS port while call in progress
Adjustable Rx volume reports sent to the NI when volume keys are pressed
Adjustable Rx volume reports not sent to the NI when volume keys are pressed
Volume level adjustments are performed locally in the IT
Volume level adjustments are not performed locally in the IT
Operation failed: Invalid Stream ID
Operation failed: Unsupported Vocoder
Operation failed: Stream already in use
Operation failed: Local port already in use
Operation failed: No streams specified
Operation failed: Audio packet size too large based on frames per packets
Operation failed: Invalid Frames Per Packet value
Operation failed: Invalid Bucket ID
Operation failed: RTP and RTCP ports Identical
Operation failed: Inconsistent Parameters on full duplex promotion
Operation failed: No Empty Vocoder Bins
Operation failed: Vocoders Not Identical
Canonical End-Point Identifier associated with the IT
Name used to describe the IT e.g. Homer Does IT 
E-mail address associated with the IT
Command contains information about an Rx Audio stream
Command contains information about a Tx Audio stream
Supervisor Headset Disconnected
Adjustable Rx Volume Information
RTCP Bucket SDES Information Report
Query Supervisor Headset Status
Alerting Tone Cadence Download
Transducer Based Tone Volume Level
Visual Transducer Based Tone Enable
Stream Based Tone Frequency Component List Download
Stream Based Tone Cadence Download
Change Adjustable Rx Volume (quieter)
Change Adjustable Rx Volume (louder)
Adjust Default Rx Volume (quieter)
Adjust Default Rx Volume (louder)
Query RTCP Bucket's SDES Information
Jitter Buffer Parameters Configuration
;*3$"
unistim.so.debug
ZuhE
7zXZ
1]Wz,
8:CaP
FV4H
D%vV
wG;`
(5=Vs
%f5O
.shstrtab
.note.gnu.build-id
.gnu.hash
.dynsym
.dynstr
.gnu.version
.gnu.version_r
.rela.dyn
.rela.plt
.init
.text
.fini
.rodata
.eh_frame_hdr
.eh_frame
.init_array
.fini_array
.jcr
.data.rel.ro
.dynamic
.got
.data
.bss
.gnu_debuglink
.gnu_debugdata
